During this iteration, our team performed considerably better in teamwork. 

We held formal face-to-face meetings weekle, alongside a quick 10-minute online standups every couple days. In addition, we updated individual progress and discussed challenges daily on Facebook Messenger and Slack. 

In the first meeting (Nov 4), we distributed work and planned for this iteration, which corresponded to the functions we were individually responsible for during the last two iterations. In the following meetings, we adopted the pair-programming strategy for members responsible for co-related functions. For instance, Peter and Sojin, whom were responsible for Message and Chnnel function respectively, worked together to perfect their functions. We found the stretagy to be very effective during meetings and labs. To ensure that all of our meetings were productive, at the start of every meeting, each member briefed on their current progress, then we outlined the aims of the meeting, discussed any issues we were facing, and worked to resolve them as a team. 

Building from the constructive reflection from the previous iterations, this time we devised a better plan with more realistic deadlines and achievable goals, which made the team progress smoothly. We kept on top of our progress by utilizing the taskboard (on gitlab) much more actively. We created separate lists for each team member, and assigned tasks accordingly. When tasks were completed, we moved them to the 'closed' board. As things do not always go as planned, we tried to be more flexible with our tasks. We planned to complete the whole iteration a two days before the due date to reserve spare time for any nesscessary changes and bug fixes.
